# Virtual Hospital

Provides a seamless portal for doctors and patients to engage virtually.

## About the Project
The aim of this project is to make the interaction of patients and doctors convenient and more organized. This platform is built keeping in mind the problems and hassles one has to face while using any medical facility via hospitals. Living in the post-covid era, the need for this ever more - a place where you can get diagnosed and get help without stepping out of the comfort of your house.

### Features common for both patients and doctors:

- Account Details tab for updating user details like photograph, bio, password, contact, address etc.
- A WebRTC enabled meeting option to join for appointments.
- A websocket enabled Helpdesk - A virtual reception for all queries.
- Blood Donation registrations.

### Patient's can employ use of the following features:

- Doctor appointment booking
- Check appointment history and cancel appointments
- Add vitals relevant to their medical history
- View prescriptions generated by doctors
- Upload medical history to database for future use
- Look at all the doctors available
- In-house pharmacy to place orders for prescriptions generated by doctors
- Email notifications regarding appointment bookings, prescription generations and pharmacy orders

### Doctor's can employ the use of the following features:

- Appointment management system - view appointment history and change its status
- Online prescription creation system
- A tab to view all patients, their recent appointments, and their vitals

## Technologies Used

HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Spring Boot, MySQL
